1. Hanwakan examined his options before starting his business with a partner. What did he find? : A) Some programs were tied to the percentage of Aboriginal ownership the company had, B) It was not worth it to start a business, C) He should be a silent partner, D) None of the Above
2. What kind of questions should you ask a potential business partner?  : A) What is their financial situation, B) How much time can they commit to the company, C) When do they expect or need to be paid and how much, D) All of the Above
3. What should a business plan include?  : A) List of people who wouldn't fund the project, B) Just a resume, C) A summary description of role the business fills or opportunity team info financials , D) It doesn't matter but it should be long
4. What ability is not important for an entrepreneur?  : A) Ability to lead, B) Ability to do everything by themselves, C) Ability to learn, D) Ability to be self-reflective
5. What can help you succeed in developing your own business?  : A) Identifying people and programs that can help you, B) Spending time developing your business, C) Developing your business pitch, D) All of the above
6. Compound interest is good for investments and should be avoided for loans  : A) True, B) False
7. Before getting a loan, what should you negotiate?  : A) Ask if you can pay off a lump sum withou penalties, B) The length of time to pay the loan (Often called terms), C) The interest rate, D) All of the above
8. What are some things you should consider before leasing?  : A) The interest rates can be high and if not paid back the leased items can be taken, B) Leasing never makes sense, C) The lack of money down, D) None of the above
9. Based on the information provided, which of these small business loans is "The Best"?  : A) Bank A offers a loan for 5 years with an interest rate of 15% and compound interest, B) Bank B offers a loan for 5 years with an interest rate of 15%, C) Bank C offers a loan for 5 years with an interest rate of 10% and does not allow lump sum payments, D) Bank D offers a loan for 5 years with an interest rate of 10% and allows lump sum payments
10. There are many hidden costs of doing business such as mileage, stationary, services like an accountant, bank fees, coffee at meetings, a cell phone, computer, equipment, supplies, and office space rental to consider before starting one of your own. : A) True, B) False